chore: Deprecate id in plural data sources (#3476)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: .changelog/3476.txt

```release-note:note
data-source/mongodbatlas_projects: Deprecates the `id` attribute because it's not used

> ```

Reviewer: nit: `id` is already deprecated in `projects` data source

Reviewer: in master: https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/blob/master/internal/service/project/data_source_projects.go#L48

Author: you're right although documentation was not updated, removed from changelog.

```release-note:note

> data-source/mongodbatlas_stream_connections: Deprecates the `id` attribute because it's not used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data-source/mongodbatlas_stream_connections: Deprecates the `id` attribute as it is a random assigned value which should not be used
```
just to phrase it from users point of view

Author: thanks, updated here: https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3476/commits/6ab4377a06904c9e357c590af377919dec2a5bb3

```release-note:note

> data-source/mongodbatlas_stream_connections: Deprecates the `id` attribute as it is a random assigned value which should not be used

Reviewer 2: is this correct? mongodbatlas_stream_connections & mongodbatlas_stream_instances below?

Author: yes, the resources using HasLegacyFields param:
<img width="774" alt="legacy" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1f65a333-2ebf-4089-ad13-38cd80dd58f8" />
